[**@hanseltime/pulumi-linux**](../README.md)

***

[@hanseltime/pulumi-linux](../README.md) / SSHDConfig

# Class: SSHDConfig

This construct will manage your SSHDConfig for you (it will overwrite manual changes.)

The way it works:

1. It will take the specified ssh config file and make a copy of it at <file>.orig
2. It will then construct a <file>.new where it:
    1. replaces any entries in config completely with the config values
    2. maps over any missing keys in the config with the values from <file>.orig
3. Finally it will replace the <file> with <file>.new

In the event of a delete, we re-establish the .orig file

## Extends

- `Command`

## Constructors

### Constructor

> **new SSHDConfig**(`name`, `args`, `opts`): `SSHDConfig`

#### Parameters

##### name

`string`

##### args

###### config

\{[`k`: `string`]: `string` \| `string`[]; \}

Any keyed names that you would normally put in an sshd config file like `PermitRootLogin no`
will be a key: value pair like { PermitRootLogin: 'no' }

Additionally, if you are using a multi-line option that can be repeated multiple times,
you can supply an array of values and they will be added.

###### connection

`Input`\<`ConnectionArgs`\>

The connection that must have passwordless sudo available to it.

##### opts

`ComponentResourceOptions`

#### Returns

`SSHDConfig`

#### Overrides

`remote.Command.constructor`

## Properties

### addPreviousOutputInEnv

> `readonly` **addPreviousOutputInEnv**: `OutputInstance`\<`undefined` \| `boolean`\>

If the previous command's stdout and stderr (as generated by the prior create/update) is
injected into the environment of the next run as PULUMI_COMMAND_STDOUT and PULUMI_COMMAND_STDERR.
Defaults to true.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.addPreviousOutputInEnv`

***

### connection

> `readonly` **connection**: `Output`\<`Connection`\>

The parameters with which to connect to the remote host.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.connection`

***

### create

> `readonly` **create**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `string`\>

The command to run on create.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.create`

***

### delete

> `readonly` **delete**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `string`\>

The command to run on delete. The environment variables PULUMI_COMMAND_STDOUT
and PULUMI_COMMAND_STDERR are set to the stdout and stderr properties of the
Command resource from previous create or update steps.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.delete`

***

### environment

> `readonly` **environment**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| \{[`key`: `string`]: `string`; \}\>

Additional environment variables available to the command's process.
Note that this only works if the SSH server is configured to accept these variables via AcceptEnv.
Alternatively, if a Bash-like shell runs the command on the remote host, you could prefix the command itself
with the variables in the form 'VAR=value command'.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.environment`

***

### id

> `readonly` **id**: `Output`\<`string`\>

The provider-assigned unique ID for this managed resource. It is set
during deployments and may be missing (undefined) during planning phases.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.id`

***

### logging

> `readonly` **logging**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `Logging`\>

If the command's stdout and stderr should be logged. This doesn't affect the capturing of
stdout and stderr as outputs. If there might be secrets in the output, you can disable logging here and mark the
outputs as secret via 'additionalSecretOutputs'. Defaults to logging both stdout and stderr.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.logging`

***

### stderr

> `readonly` **stderr**: `Output`\<`string`\>

The standard error of the command's process

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.stderr`

***

### stdin

> `readonly` **stdin**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `string`\>

Pass a string to the command's process as standard in

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.stdin`

***

### stdout

> `readonly` **stdout**: `Output`\<`string`\>

The standard output of the command's process

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.stdout`

***

### triggers

> `readonly` **triggers**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `any`[]\>

Trigger a resource replacement on changes to any of these values. The
trigger values can be of any type. If a value is different in the current update compared to the
previous update, the resource will be replaced, i.e., the "create" command will be re-run.
Please see the resource documentation for examples.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.triggers`

***

### update

> `readonly` **update**: `Output`\<`undefined` \| `string`\>

The command to run on update, if empty, create will
run again. The environment variables PULUMI_COMMAND_STDOUT and PULUMI_COMMAND_STDERR
are set to the stdout and stderr properties of the Command resource from previous
create or update steps.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.update`

***

### urn

> `readonly` **urn**: `Output`\<`string`\>

The stable logical URN used to distinctly address a resource, both before
and after deployments.

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.urn`

## Methods

### getProvider()

> **getProvider**(`moduleMember`): `undefined` \| `ProviderResource`

Returns the provider for the given module member, if one exists.

#### Parameters

##### moduleMember

`string`

#### Returns

`undefined` \| `ProviderResource`

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.getProvider`

***

### get()

> `static` **get**(`name`, `id`, `opts?`): `Command`

Get an existing Command resource's state with the given name, ID, and optional extra
properties used to qualify the lookup.

#### Parameters

##### name

`string`

The _unique_ name of the resulting resource.

##### id

`Input`\<`string`\>

The _unique_ provider ID of the resource to lookup.

##### opts?

`CustomResourceOptions`

Optional settings to control the behavior of the CustomResource.

#### Returns

`Command`

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.get`

***

### isInstance()

> `static` **isInstance**(`obj`): `obj is Command`

Returns true if the given object is an instance of Command.  This is designed to work even
when multiple copies of the Pulumi SDK have been loaded into the same process.

#### Parameters

##### obj

`any`

#### Returns

`obj is Command`

#### Inherited from

`remote.Command.isInstance`
